Updates for IAM authentication feature (#3338)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/01_postgres_access.mdx

    1. On the **Additional Settings** tab, under **Authentication**, select **Identity and Access Management (IAM) Authentication**. 
    1. Select **Create Cluster** or **Save**.
1. Get the ARN of each database user who's managed by IAM. See the (AWS documentation)[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_manage.html]. 

1. In Postgres, if the IAM role doesn’t exist yet, run this command:

```
CREATE ROLE "iam_aws";
```

1. For each ARN, run this command:

```
CREATE USER "<ARN>" IN ROLE iam_aws;
```

### Logging in to Postgres using IAM credentials

If IAM integration is configured for your cluster, you can log in to Postgres using your AWS Amazon Resource Name (ARN) and a token in place of your password. Using this token to log in connects you to your Postgres database with IAM authentication. 

!!! Note 
    You can continue to log in using your Postgres username and password. However, doing so doesn’t provide IAM authentication even if this feature is configured.

1. Obtain your token (access key id + secret access key) from AWS. See [GetSessionToken](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_GetSessionToken.html).

> 1. At the Postgres CLI or cloud shell on your CSP, for your username, enter your ARN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At the Postgres CLI or cloud shell on your cloud server provider, for your username, enter your ARN.
```
